hey everyone I'm Neil Patel and today
I'm going to show you how to start using
Tick Tock ads to supercharge your
eCommerce business these are the must
Do's when you're first starting with
Tick Tock ads one set the right daily
budget two run spark ads three setup
pixel 4. start with mid funnel event
optimization also known as add to cart
if you do these four things from day one
you're well on your way to increasing
your sales first make sure you're
spending enough to see results daily
budget is the maximum amount you will
allow your campaign or ad group to spend
per day and it's a great tool for cost
control while you're testing out Tick
Tock ads start with at least thirty
dollars USD minimum daily for your
budget or whatever your local currency
equivalent is
this amount gives the algorithm enough
to learn who your ideal audience is and
get optimal results early Tech talk
focuses on short form video which can be
different from other platforms that
you're running as all but don't be
intimidated spark ads is the best way to
get started with ad creative spark ads
are an ad format that allow you to
transform existing Tick Tock videos into
paid ads on the for you feed you can use
existing tick tocks on your own account
or Tech talks made by other creators
with their approval the beauty of spark
ads is that they look like regular
organic Tick Tock videos which means
they generally perform better
tick tock's internal research shows that
the best performing spark ads are videos
that touch your business or product with
the most views this works better if your
video is recent but you can spark as any
Tech Talk video next let's talk about
using signals in Tick Tock ads manager
what are signals and why are they
important signals are customer
interactions with your brand anything
from viewing your video to visiting your
website to even purchasing your product
these interactions are especially
valuable when they're matched to a tick
tock user because it helps you attribute
more conversions reach more people and
deliver ads more effectively installing
tiktok's pixel is a key to unlocking
more signals the pixel is a tool added
to your website to automatically share
web visitor signals with pixel you can
find new customers optimized campaigns
and effectively measure ad performance
simply put you'll be able to make more
informed decisions on how to get more
customers who are making purchases more
frequently to get signals ready just
follow these steps after you created a
tick tock as manager account one set up
the tick tock pixel two set up at least
three events to capture the full
customer journey I highly suggest view
content add to cart and complete payment
three toggle on automatic Advanced
matching four make sure first party
cookies are toggled on in events manager
have access to a developer I highly
recommend connecting with them to set up
manual Advanced matching and events API
for Optimal Performance if you're using
one of tick tock's Partners Commerce
platforms like Shopify or woocommerce
you can easily set up your pixel events
and advanced matching with just a couple
clicks now let's talk about nurturing
your audience with your first campaign
you want to make sure that you're
finding users who are likely to convert
start a campaign with the conversion
objective if your goal is online sales
once you've created your pixel and
events you can set an optimization event
to let Tick Tock know the types of
actions and audiences you want to Target
here's a best practice that might be
surprising optimize towards a mid funnel
event like add to cart first your
in-seek might be to optimize for a
complete payment but if you're just
starting out on Tech talk ads you need
to teach the system what types of
visitors are most likely to convert
throughout the user Journey so set up
your first conversion campaign at the
add to cart level to start if you get
one add to cart event within the first
week set up an additional ad group and
move down the funnel to complete payment
if you're not seeing conversions at the
add to cart level after one week nurture
more audience members by creating a view
content ad group to build conversion
volume once you hit 100 view contents
you're ready to move on to complete
payment Pro tip leave ad groups always
on when possible to drive continue
audience building and account learnings
start with broad targeting or Auto
targeting then use custom audiences to
retarget warm audiences
there you have it by leveraging signals
nurturing your audience and utilizing
spark ads for creativity you can harness
the power of tick tock's advertising
ecosystem to boost sales and strengthen
your online presence now get out there
and start optimizing your Tick Tock ad
strategy today and if you found this
video helpful don't forget to like And
subscribe